everyone it's John here again from real
country guitar calm and we're going to
do a song today for all you beginners
out there called try little kindness by
Glen Campbell great message but other
than the message the song is just fun to
play I thought so
figured I'd share with you guys you get
a chance to go to the first link on the
sidebar below cuz I got the cording
stuff posted there so you might want to
check that out here we go
you
your brother standing by the road with a
heavy load from CT soon
keep on by the way
you stop and say
you got to try little kindness yeah show
little kindness just trying to live
forever
and if you try kindness
barrel
people narrow-minded trees
this song is actually relatively easy
there's only a couple chords in it the
first riff men all you're doing you're
playing that Igor right here and you're
coming on your your first three bottom
strings that's all you're doing playing
the bass note and then
so if you can just learn to get it fast
then you got it but those are the only
notes you're just playing your equal
those two other chords are D and a so
after you play the e me
the baby
so that's how you play the song try a
little kindness by gun Campbell stay
tuned for some more tutorials coming
your way until next time
they're dry
look
there are mine
the narrow mind
you